{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red242\green242\blue242;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Description:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa200
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 1. Database files are in csv format. You can open them with text pad. They are just text files.\
2. If you want to add more courses or change courses, you need to update the schooldatabase.csv. There is no other way can do this as we did not add "administrator" to this system.\
3. New users need to sign up first. Upon sign up, the user account and password will be save into student.csv, and log into system with this account.\
4. Returning users need to log in with their accounts/passwords. The tool will check password from the student.csv. If match, the tool will log the student in.\
5. After log in, the course page will show up course information with two tables.\
6. Top one is course table which will list all courses. Available seats means how many seats are left. If it is 0, that means you will go into waiting list if you still want to register this course.\
7. Bottom table is the student course table. It will list all the courses student has registered, and let the student know if he/she is in waiting list or not.\
8. If you want to drop/register one class, just select the course on the top table and click the drop/reg button. If you have already registered, you will drop the course. If you have not, you will register the course.\
9. Once you click log off, you will go to first login page again.\
10. I do not want to enable selection for the bottom table as I think it will lead to confusion if you select a different one in the top table. Then, I do not know if you want to drop or register as two selections may point to two different courses.\
11. Do not edit the table in the tool. Do drop/reg from clicking button, do sign up from the sign up page. I do not see any reason you will need to edit the table in the tool as the table should be controlled by the database.\
}